Run Transaction Service IT as part of Ledger API Test Tool (#1434)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/support/release-notes.rst

- Fixed a regression where Navigator console was not able to inspect contracts and events.
  See `#1454 <https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/issues/1454>`__.

DAML Integration Kit
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- The :doc:`Ledger API Test Tool </tools/ledger-api-test-tool/index>` now also runs ``TransactionServiceIT`` as part of the conformance tests.

>   This requires to load additional ``.dar`` files into the ledger under test. Please refer to the updated instructions in the documentation.

Reviewer: I think this is what you're saying, reject if incorrect
```suggestion
  This means you need to load additional ``.dar`` files into the ledger under test. Please refer to the updated instructions in the :doc:`documentation </daml-integration-kit/index>`.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks, @bethaitman.
